Fixed #35601 - Added TelInput widget. (#18390)
django/django: docs/releases/5.2.txt

Forms
~~~~~

> * Added :class:`~django.forms.TelInput` form widget that renders as ``<input type="tel" ...>``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The new :class:`~django.forms.TelInput` form widget renders as 
  ``<input type="tel" ...>``. This is to be used for entering a telephone 
  number.
```
This should be in present tense 👍
